Glossary of Computer Engineering and Programming Terminology Glossary of Computer Engineering and Programming Terminology An Efficient Method for Generating Uniformly Distributed Points on the Surface on an n-Dimensional Sphere (Corrigendum) This is practical if these functions satisfy sufficiently simple differential equations.Thus among those functions which can be eliminated by this procedure are the trigonometric, inverse trigonometric, exponential, and many other transcendental functions A Start at Automatic Storage Assignment Simulation and Analysis of Biochemical Systems Solution of Polynomial Equation by Barstow-Hitchcock Remarks on Algorithms 2 and 3, Algorithm 15 and Algorithms 25 and 26 A Core Nursing Library for Practitioners The following books and journals for the Core Nursing Library, suggested reference materials, and supplementary books and journals were selected by experts in nursing from all parts of the United States. The purpose is to let practitioners and community hospitals know which books and journals, from a wealth of printed material would, in the opinion of experts, be most useful, especially where funds and space are limited.Bradford's Law and the Keenan-Atherton Data Bradford's methods are applied to the Keenan-Atherton data.  The results do not fit Bradford's Law. The Cranfield Tests on Index Language Devices The investigation dealt with the effect which different devices have on the performance of index languages.. It appeared that the most important consideration was the specificity of the index terms; within the context of the conditions existing in this test, single-word terms were more effective than concept terms or a controlled vocabulary User Services Offered By Medical School Libraries in 1968: Results of a National Survey Employing New Methodology The breadth and depth of services that ninety-two medical school libraries offer to individual user were ascertained by interviewing the heads of these libraries, employing a standardized inventory procedure developed earlier (Bulletin 56:380-403, Oct.1968).. Selected aspects of the descriptive data obtained on services to faculty and to medical students are presented and commented upon.. Comparisons with the findings of earlies surveys suggest that increases in the stuffs and budgets of medical school libraries over the past two decades have gone largely to supporting a rapidly increasing volume of service, rather than to any striking increase in the breadth and depth of services.. To facilitate summarization and comparisons among libraries the descriptive data were weighted and converted to quantitative measures; the weighting scheme was established by a group of five academic medical librarians to reflect the relative values the group assigned to different services Current approaches to classification and clump-finding at the Cambridge Language Research Unit Computer programs for automatic classification are a desideratum in many fields.. Work on suitable procedures for handling large bodies of object/ property descriptions has been in progress at the Cambridge Language Research Unit for some years: this paper describes the current series of general-purpose programs which have been developed there, in which classes or "clamps" of objects are obtained, using a similarity matrix, by a simple iterative scan of the universe of objects, distributing them in such a way that an appropriate cohesion function is minimized.. This actual clump-finding process is embedded in a overall package in which the information given by a classification is manipulated in a variety of ways.. The current applications of the programs, especially for information retrieval, are described Future Developments in Telecommunications Communication technology has entered a period of revolutionary change.
  The last decade has brought new inventions of enormous potential.
It will probably be two decades before we fully grasp the shattering effect they will have on society. These inventions include: The communication satellite.  Suddenly this has provided telephone and television links to the underdeveloped world.  Much larger satellites
will be built and will have an enormous impact on education and communications both in the United States and throughout the world.  The
satellite antennae in some underdeveloped countries stand next to fields ploughed by oxen. The helical waveguide.  A pipe, now operating, that can carry 250,000
simultaneous telephone calls or equivalent information over long distances. The laser.  This means of transmission, still in the research laboratory,
has the potential of carrying many millions of simultaneous telephone calls or their equivalent. Development of an International System for Legal Protection of Computer Programs 
